1.	What is a result set?
- A result set is a set of rows from a database which is ususally generated by executing a statement that queries the database.
2.	What is the difference between Union and Union All?
- Union and Union All both are used to concattenate 2 or more result sets but there are differences.
Union only keep unique records and sort the result based on the first column of the first select statement. While Union All keep all records and does not sort the result.
Therefore, Union is slower in performent comparing to Union All.
Also, Union cannot be used with recursive CTE
3.	What are the other Set Operators SQL Server has?
Set Operators SQL Server has:
- UNION
- UNION ALL
- INTERSECT
- EXCEPT
4.	What is the difference between Union and Join?
- Union is used to combining the result sets vertically.
- Join make a cartesion product based on join conditions.
- Union need to have same number of column, and the data type of each column need to be match.
- Join does not need it but joined columns do not need to have the same name, only compatible data types.
5.	What is the difference between INNER JOIN and FULL JOIN?
- Full Join is a type of outer join. A full outer join returns all rows in both the left and right tables. Any time a row has no match in the other table, the select list columns from the other table contain null values. When there is a match between the tables, the entire result set row contains data values from the base tables. 
- Inner join columns from tables but only return rows that the the join condition is satified.

6.	What is difference between left join and outer join
Left join keep all the record that qualified the join condition  and all row of left table of join with Null value 
- The result set of a left join includes all the rows from the left table specified in the LEFT OUTER clause, not just the ones in which the joined columns match. When a row in the left table has no matching rows in the right table, the associated result set row contains null values for all select list columns coming from the right table.
- Outer Join includes left join, right join, and full join

7.	What is cross join?
- A cross join returns the Cartesian product of the sets of records from the two joined tables. Thus, it equates to an inner join where the join-condition always evaluates to True.

8.	What is the difference between WHERE clause and HAVING clause?
- They specify a search condition for a group or an aggregate. But the difference is that 
HAVING can be used only with the SELECT statement. HAVING is typically used in a GROUP 
BY clause. When GROUP BY is not used, HAVING behaves like a WHERE clause. Having 
Clause is basically used only with the GROUP BY function in a query whereas WHERE Clause 
is applied to each row before they are part of the GROUP BY function in a query.
WHERE can be used with SELECT, UPDATE, DETELE and cannot contain aggregate function


9.	Can there be multiple group by columns?
- Yes. there can be multiple group by columns
